add upgrade section to installation doc (#215)
OpenFunction/openfunction.dev: content/en/docs/getting-started/installation.md

For more information about how to uninstall OpenFunction with Helm, see [Uninstall OpenFunction with Helm](https://github.com/OpenFunction/charts#uninstall-the-chart).

{{% /alert %}}

## Upgrade OpenFunction

```shell
helm upgrade [RELEASE_NAME] openfunction/openfunction -n openfunction
```

With Helm v3, CRDs created by this chart are not updated by default and should be manually updated.

> Consult also the [Helm Documentation on CRDs](https://helm.sh/docs/chart_best_practices/custom_resource_definitions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See also the [Helm Documentation on CRDs](https://helm.sh/docs/chart_best_practices/custom_resource_definitions).
```

> _See [helm upgrade](https://helm.sh/docs/helm/helm_upgrade/) for command documentation._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Refer to [helm upgrade](https://helm.sh/docs/helm/helm_upgrade/) for command documentation._
```
